the first P of the Global Marketing
cycle plan
content marketing is a way of connecting
with your customers by providing
interesting and relevant information
this could be anything from a blog post
or brochure to Motion Graphics good
content develops trust and encourages
consumers to interact further with your
company
like any great adventure the first step
for Content marketing is to get a plan
in order planning is a never-ending
process and adaptability is vital
by planning we organize our thoughts
build a process and solve content
challenges with a plan you create the
future you would like to see
unexpected challenges and barriers will
arise the future needs to be adjusted as
economic Trends organizational
structures business direction or even
marketing budgets change plan for
re-planning
in any company each marketing department
could have its own plan but without a
clear direction or established goals
efforts could be wasted
to avoid inefficiency and missteps we
need a master plan the granddaddy of all
marketing plans it lays the foundation
for a comprehensive marketing plan to
ensure that all strategies in all
regions are working towards the same
goal the granddaddy marketing plan is a
collection of information that includes
business objectives
marketing objectives
competitive landscape
customers and audiences
product and service Focus
priority countries or regions product
positioning and budget creating a
granddaddy marketing plan streamlines
the planning process for each marketing
strategy
all smaller more specific plans are
derived from the granddaddy plan
including your Global content plan it
may not be clear who owns the granddaddy
of all marketing plans in your company
it some companies there is a dedicated
marketing strategist or brand manager in
others you may need to gather
information from multiple sources
yourself
the elements of the granddaddy of all
marketing plan will help you create the
global content marketing plan this
content plan should include business
objectives and Company goals marketing
objectives
growth segments and countries Target
customers product Focus strategic
editorial calendar and content topics
product launch dates go to market plan
for Target audiences it's not surprising
the key elements in the granddaddy plan
are also part of global content plan now
use your Global content plan to Rally
your team bring team members on board to
help develop and execute your content
plans use the components of the
Granddaddy and Global content plans will
make it easier to introduce content
marketing to your company's management
and justify the budget you need to do it
what are your content marketing
challenges do you need some one-on-one
advice or crash course in developing
your plans pick up a copy of global
content marketing or contact Pam didner